All right, so let's begin our refactor of the job filter, sidebar, job types component.
We know that we can replace data with function calls, and we also can replace our former unique job
types getter right here with our new composable function called use unique job types.
So let's import both of those dependencies at the very top of my script section, I'll import ref from
the View Library and below all of my NPM imports.
I have my project imports.
So right here let's import my new composable which is called use unique job types and that is going
to come from the source directory and then store and then composable it is related to view.
So I put it in this store directory.
All right.
So as always, let's comment out data and computed.
And we'll talk about how it can replace mat mutations with a little bit later.
But for now, we'll begin with our usual set of method.
And let's start with the data section where we're going to need something called selected job types.
So I'm going to create selected job types right here.
And how do we create a piece of reactive data while we use our ref function right here?
And we provide it starting state here.
We start with an empty array.
So here we're going to start with an empty array.
Before we forget, let's make sure we return an object right here and provide selected job types as
one of its available properties.
So simply by doing that, let me just remember data comma here.
Simply by doing that, we now can use selected job types in the template, which is going to take care
of this V model connection to the array.
Everything is still going to work perfectly.
Awesome.
So that takes care of our former data.
Now we need to use our new use unique job types composable function.
So I'm going to invoke unique job types.
And we could we could, of course, assign it to a constant called unique job types in all capital letters.
And if we provided that as our property, that would work.
But this time around, let's just give it a different name, because I don't feel confident is the best
use case here.
So for now, just to show it can be done, we can totally create a different name in every component.
So I'm just going to call this unique job types.
Sign that to the return value of my computed function were my composable function which returns a computed
function.
I know there are several layers here, so that's why I'm tripping over my words.
But we're going to get this reactive object back and I can make sure to include it as a property right
here.
And remember, in our former iteration of this component, we were iterating over unique job types as
a constant.
So because we're now changing the name that we're making available as a property to use camel case,
we need to make sure we update it above as well.
So right here, I'm going to change this to unique job types.
Nothing is changing in the implementation.
I'm just changing a little bit of the name right here.
Since they change the below, I have to change it up here as well.
I don't think there's any other place where we were using that getter constant here.
So there we go.
And with that we are good to remove map getters.
We no longer need it, and we're also good to remove unique job types because we no longer need that.
All right.
So that takes care of our very first refactor.
We can then remove data and computed since we took care of all of these responsibilities in our set
up method.
And of course, in the very next lesson, we'll talk about how we can replace this former functionality
using our new composition API as well.
So I'll see you there.